Use ancestor/descendant terminology instead of parent/child (#5313)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/node-selection/graph-operators.md

---

### The "plus" operator

> If placed at the front of the model selector, `+` will select all ancestors of the selected model and the model itself. If placed at the end of the string, `+` will select all descendants of the selected model and the model itself.

Reviewer: @dbeatty10 should we change this language everywhere in our docs and will this cause confusion with the `parent_depth` and `child_depth` yaml configs?

Author: Could you send me a link to something referring to `parent_depth` and/or `child_depth` -- I'm not familiar with those.

It would definitely be worth taking a look at places in our docs where we can use ancestor/descendent instead of parent/child.

Here's some quick searches:
- https://docs.getdbt.com/search?q=child
- https://docs.getdbt.com/search?q=parent

I'd suggest we open a separate issue for that though.

  ```bash
dbt run --select "my_model+1"        # select my_model and its first-degree descendants
dbt run --select "2+my_model"        # select my_model, its first-degree ancestors ("parents", and its second-degree ancestors ("grandparents")
dbt run --select "3+my_model+4"      # select my_model, its ancestors up to the 3rd degree, and its descendants down to the 4th degree
  ```

### The "at" operator

> The `@` operator is similar to `+`, but will also include _the ancestors of the descendants of the selected model_. This is useful in continuous integration environments where you want to build a model and all of its descendants, but the _ancestors_ of those descendants might not exist in the database yet. The selector `@snowplow_web_page_context` will build all three models shown in the diagram below.

Reviewer 2: Is it all ancestors, or only the first-degree ancestors?

Reviewer 2: Just re-read https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/issues/3755 and it appears it's _all_ ancestors. I'll make a code suggestion here!

> The `@` operator is similar to `+`, but will also include _the ancestors of the descendants of the selected model_. This is useful in continuous integration environments where you want to build a model and all of its descendants, but the _ancestors_ of those descendants might not exist in the database yet. The selector `@snowplow_web_page_context` will build all three models shown in the diagram below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `@` operator is similar to `+`, but will also include _all ancestors of all descendants of the selected model_. This is useful in continuous integration environments where you want to build a model and all of its descendants, but the _ancestors_ of those descendants might not exist in the schema yet. The `@` operator (which can only be placed at the front of the model name) will select as many degrees of ancestors ("parents," "grandparents," and so on) as is needed to successfully build all descendants of the specified model. 

The selector `@snowplow_web_page_context` will build all three models shown in the diagram below.
```

Author: Thx for this clarification @foundinblank !

  ```bash
dbt run --select "my_model+1"        # select my_model and its first-degree descendants

> dbt run --select "2+my_model"        # select my_model, its first-degree ancestors ("parents", and its second-degree ancestors ("grandparents")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt run --select "2+my_model"        # select my_model, its first-degree ancestors ("parents"), and its second-degree ancestors ("grandparents")
```

Author: Good catch! 🦅
